Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
Mary plays the piano.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Please wait outside of the house.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Instead of a bachelorette party
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
Let me help you with your baggage.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.